Welcome back.
Let's talk about portfolios.
And actually, we kind of spoke about this already on our video about what if you don't have enough
experience.
So I'm just going to go over a few things.
So I recommend you make sure you watch that video first.
Otherwise, let's just recap what our portfolio should be.
A portfolio is simply a way for you to showcase your big projects, the items that you want to really
demonstrate your value with, to talk about in the interview.
Those personal projects should reflect what kind of job you want.
So don't spend a lot of time on your portfolio.
It doesn't really matter that much how it looks unless you're a designer using a free resource like
the one I showed you that gives you free templates where you can list your projects is enough for you
to just have an online link on your resume and for recruiters to possibly see that you have some sort
of an online presence.
So using something like this or creative team is a great way to just speed up that process.
Remember, the projects inside this portfolio is what matters most.
You just need to have 1 to 2 big projects you really care about.
I've actually never met a developer that has gotten a job solely because they had a nice portfolio.
So don't stress too much about it.
Remember, your goal is just to be seen just to get that interview.
Your portfolio can be quite simple.
You just want to make sure that it looks someone nice and that it also loads up fast.
And you just need a place to showcase your main projects.
A place maybe to add your blog posts.
Maybe to add your GitHub account and I'll leave a nice resource for you for some of the best portfolio
websites, but they all pretty much look the same.
A little above me section links to GitHub and blog posts and just a list of your projects.
You can even have your resume on this portfolio.
And by the way, once you're done with your portfolio, I recommend you add it to the job board that
we have here so that you can showcase it for other students of the course.
But I also include this on my LinkedIn profile so that when recruiters see my profile, they can just
search for developers that they need based on name, job, title, location, and it's just a nice way
to get seen or have at least another avenue to be discovered.
And that's it.
Again, spend very little time, but just have something out there.
I also recommend going to our zero to Mastery Community and actually going to the job hunting section.
And we might have a few more channels by the time you watch this video, but you can check out other
people's profiles as well as talk about job hunting and people sometimes share job openings here.
This is a great place to ask for help, get tips and maybe help out community members as well as we
all try and get that dream job.
Anyway.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.